README.md, before:

# Mzansi Crime Idle 🇿🇦

**Mzansi Crime Idle** is a satirical incremental clicker game set in the chaotic underworld of South Africa. Rise from a street-level *tsotsi* to a state-capturing kingpin in this idle management game.

## 📖 About the Game

In **Mzansi Crime Idle**, you don't just rob banks; you heist CIT vans, engage in taxi wars, and dabble in tender fraud. The game captures the unique flavor of South African life, slang, and crime. Your goal is to accumulate as much Rands (R) as possible, unlocking powerful weapons and automated income streams along the way.

## ✨ Features

- **🔫 Local Arsenal:** Trade your fists for an *Okapi*, upgrade to a *Sjambok*, and eventually wield the firepower of an *R5 Rifle* or the mythical *Tokoloshe Spirit*.
- **💼 South African Hustles:**
  - Start small with *Smash and Grabs* and *Spaza Shop Robberies*.
  - Move up to *ATM Bombings* and *CIT Heists*.
  - Reach the top with *State Capture* and *Gupta Compound Raids*.
- **📈 Idle Progression:** Your hustles earn money while you sleep. Come back to a pile of Rands.
- **🔄 Prestige System:** Reset your progress to gain "Chips", unlock new characters, and permanently boost your earning potential.
- **🏆 Achievements:** Unlock achievements like "Tenderpreneur", "Taxi Boss", and "Zama Zama".

## 🕹️ How to Play

1.  **Click:** Click the weapon icon to generate active income.
2.  **Buy:** Purchase missions to generate passive income.
3.  **Upgrade:** Buy better weapons to increase your click damage.
4.  **Prestige:** When progress slows down, use the "Character" menu to prestige, resetting your cash/missions but gaining powerful multipliers.

## 🚀 Installation

This is a static web game. No build process is required.

1.  Clone the repository:
    ```bash
    git clone https://github.com/yourusername/Mzansi-Crime-Idle.git
    ```
2.  Navigate to the folder:
    ```bash
    cd Mzansi-Crime-Idle
    ```
3.  Open `index.html` in your preferred web browser.

## 🛠️ Built With

- **HTML5, CSS3, JavaScript (ES6)**
- **jQuery** - DOM manipulation
- **Semantic UI** - Interface styling
- **BigNumber.js** - Handling large numbers
- **Lodash** - Utility functions

## 📜 License

Distributed under the MIT License. See `LICENSE` for more information.

---

*Forked from [IdleFive](https://github.com/GoldenLys/IdleFive), adapted for the South African context.*

Commit message:

Modernize codebase, update documentation, and refine game logic
- Refactor `js/ui.js` and `js/utils.js` to ES6 standards (replaced var with let/const).
- Update `CONTRIBUTING.md` with stricter coding standards and formatting rules.
- Add `WEBAPP.md` outlining the PWA and Native Wrapper strategy.
- Add `TAILWIND_UI_OPTIONS.md` with UI component library research.
- Update `README.md` with new project details, badges, and installation steps.
- Update `js/core.js`, `js/data.js`, and `js/map.js` with logic refinements.
- Add `DATA/bignumber.js` for large number handling.

README.md, after:

# Mzansi Crime Idle 🇿🇦

**Mzansi Crime Idle** is a satirical incremental clicker game set in the chaotic underworld of South Africa. Rise from a street-level *tsotsi* to a state-capturing kingpin in this idle management game.

## 📖 About the Game

In **Mzansi Crime Idle**, you don't just rob banks; you heist CIT vans, engage in taxi wars, and dabble in tender fraud. The game captures the unique flavor of South African life, slang, and crime. Your goal is to accumulate as much Rands (R) as possible, unlocking powerful weapons and automated income streams along the way.

## ✨ Features

- **🔫 Local Arsenal:** Trade your fists for an *Okapi*, upgrade to a *Sjambok*, and eventually wield the firepower of an *R5 Rifle* or the mythical *Tokoloshe Spirit*.
- **💼 South African Hustles:**
  - Start small with *Smash and Grabs* and *Spaza Shop Robberies*.
  - Move up to *ATM Bombings* and *CIT Heists*.
  - Reach the top with *State Capture* and *Gupta Compound Raids*.
- **📈 Idle Progression:** Your hustles earn money while you sleep. Come back to a pile of Rands.
- **🔄 Prestige System:** Reset your progress to gain "Chips", unlock new characters, and permanently boost your earning potential.
- **🏆 Achievements:** Unlock achievements like "Tenderpreneur", "Taxi Boss", and "Zama Zama".

## 🕹️ How to Play

1.  **Click:** Click the weapon icon to generate active income.
2.  **Buy:** Purchase missions to generate passive income.
3.  **Upgrade:** Buy better weapons to increase your click damage.
4.  **Prestige:** When progress slows down, use the "Character" menu to prestige, resetting your cash/missions but gaining powerful multipliers.

# About the project

Originally forked from the project [] by [] and turned into something more modern and given a South African spin.

![GitHub last commit](https://img.shields.io/github/last-commit/SVNCRY/Mzansi-Crime-Idle?style=flat-square)
![GitHub repo size](https://img.shields.io/github/repo-size/SVNCRY/Mzansi-Crime-Idle?style=flat-square)
![GitHub issues](https://img.shields.io/github/issues/SVNCRY/Mzansi-Crime-Idle?style=flat-square)
![GitHub license](https://img.shields.io/github/license/SVNCRY/Mzansi-Crime-Idle?style=flat-square)
![GitHub Pages](https://img.shields.io/badge/github%20pages-121013?style=flat-square&logo=github&logoColor=white)

## 🚀 Installation

This is a static web game.

1.  Clone the repository:
    ```bash
    git clone https://github.com/yourusername/Mzansi-Crime-Idle.git
    ```
2.  Navigate to the folder:
    ```bash
    cd Mzansi-Crime-Idle
    ```
3.  Open `index.html` in your preferred web browser.

## 🛠️ Built With

![HTML5](https://img.shields.io/badge/html5-%23E34F26.svg?style=flat-square&logo=html5&logoColor=white)
![CSS3](https://img.shields.io/badge/css3-%231572B6.svg?style=flat-square&logo=css3&logoColor=white)
![JavaScript](https://img.shields.io/badge/javascript-%23323330.svg?style=flat-square&logo=javascript&logoColor=%23F7DF1E)
![jQuery](https://img.shields.io/badge/jquery-%230769AD.svg?style=flat-square&logo=jquery&logoColor=white)
![Tailwind CSS](https://img.shields.io/badge/tailwindcss-%2338B2AC.svg?style=flat-square&logo=tailwind-css&logoColor=white)
![DaisyUI](https://img.shields.io/badge/daisyui-5A0EF8?style=flat-square&logo=daisyui&logoColor=white)

- **HTML5, CSS3, JavaScript (ES6)**
- **jQuery** - DOM manipulation
- **Tailwind CSS** - Utility-first CSS framework
- **DaisyUI** - Component library for Tailwind
- **BigNumber.js** - Handling large numbers
- **Lodash** - Utility functions

## 📜 License

Distributed under the MIT License. See `LICENSE` for more information.
This project is dual-licensed:

- **Source Code:** Distributed under the **GNU Affero General Public License v3.0 (AGPL-3.0)**. See `LICENSE` for more information.
- **Game Assets (Art, Audio, Story):** Distributed under the **Creative Commons Attribution-NonCommercial-ShareAlike 4.0 International (CC BY-NC-SA 4.0)**. See `LICENSE-ASSETS` for more information.

*Note: Contributors may be required to sign a Contributor License Agreement (CLA) to allow the project maintainer to relicense contributions for commercial platforms.*

---

*Forked from [IdleFive](https://github.com/GoldenLys/IdleFive), adapted for the South African context.*
